Update README with new features, GIF feature (#9)
JoaoLages/diffusers-interpret: README.md

    torch_dtype=torch.float16 if device != 'cpu' else None
).to(device)

# optional: reduce VRAM requirement with the trade off of 10% speed

> pipe.enable_attention_slicing() if device != 'cpu' else None

Reviewer: I suggest removing the `if device != 'cpu' else None` because this can also benefit RAM usage when running on CPU.
Also, since this can be used for any model, in the future, not only Stable Diffusion, I also suggest changing the '10% speed' mention

```suggestion
# optional: reduce memory requirement with a speed trade off 
pipe.enable_attention_slicing() 
```

![](assets/corgi_eiffel_tower.png)

You can also check all the images that the diffusion process generated at the end of each step:
```python
output.all_images_during_generation.show()
```

> ![](assets/image_slider_cropped.gif)

Reviewer: Better! 👍 
Can you also delete `assets/image_slider.gif` since we are not using it now? :)

 ('background', 23.05)]
```

> > Note: if you encounter VRAM constraint, it is possible to limit or disable the token attribution as follows:
> 
> 
> ```python
> from diffusers_interpret import StableDiffusionPipelineExplainer
> 
> explainer = StableDiffusionPipelineExplainer(
>     pipe,
>     
>     # We pass `True` in here to be able to have a higher `n_last_diffusion_steps_to_consider_for_attributions` in the cell below
>     gradient_checkpointing=True 
> )
> 
> prompt = "A cute corgi with the Eiffel Tower in the background"
> 
> generator = torch.Generator(device).manual_seed(2023)
> with torch.autocast('cuda') if device == 'cuda' else nullcontext():
>     output = explainer(
>         prompt, 
>         num_inference_steps=50, 
>         generator=generator,
>         height=448,
>         width=448,
>         
>         # for this model, the GPU VRAM usage will raise drastically if we increase this argument. feel free to experiment with it
>         # if you are not interested in checking the token attributions, you can pass 0 instead
>         n_last_diffusion_steps_to_consider_for_attributions=5
>     )
> 
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I was thinking about doing something different. What do you think?
```suggestion
If you are having GPU memory problems, try reducing `n_last_diffusion_steps_to_consider_for_attributions`, `height`, `width` and/or `num_inference_steps`.
`
output = explainer(
    prompt, 
    num_inference_steps=15,
    generator=generator,
    height=448,
    width=448,
    n_last_diffusion_steps_to_consider_for_attributions=5
)
`
You can completely deactivate token/pixel attributions computation by passing `n_last_diffusion_steps_to_consider_for_attributions=0`.  

Gradient checkpointing also reduces GPU usage, but makes computations a bit slower:
`
explainer = StableDiffusionPipelineExplainer(pipe, gradient_checkpointing=True)
`
```
